README.md, before:

# Portfolio - Bruno Groth

> Welcome! I'm Bruno and this is my portfolio.

## Built With

- HTML5/CSS3
- React
- VS code
- Git

## This website is avaliable at
 - [My Website](https://brunogroth.live)

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites:


- Create an account on [github](https://github.com/login)

- Install git bash or use git on the command line.

- Use an IDE of your preference such as [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).

## Steps to follow:

- Clone [this repository](https://github.com/brunogroth/Portfolio-React-Website) to your local machine 
- ```
  git clone git@github.com:Meri-MG/portfolio---react.git
  ```

- Navigate to `cd Portfolio-React-Website` directory.

- To install all the app dependencies on the command line run
- ```
  npm install
  ``` 
- To run app in the development mode run 
- ```
  npm start
  ```
# Author

:man: **Bruno Groth**
- [GitHub](https://github.com/brunogroth)
- [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/bruno-groth/)
## 🤝 Contributing
- Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
- Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/brunogroth/Portfolio-React-Website/issues).
## Show your support
Give a ⭐ if you like this project!
## Acknowledgments
Thanks to [EGATOR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-Cr00UYokU&list=WL&index=55) tutorial and [Meri-MG](https://github.com/Meri-MG) Source code & README pattern!

Commit message:

BREAKING CHANGE: migrate project from CSS to SASS. feat: Service Components and the section at all. Fix: responsive problems.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio - Bruno Groth

> Welcome! I'm Bruno and this is my portfolio.

## Built With

- HTML5/CSS3
- SASS
- React
- VS code
- Git

 > Note: This project was originally made in CSS, but at version v.1.0 I've migrated it to SCSS.

## This website is avaliable at
 - [My Website](https://brunogroth.github.io/Portfolio-React-Website/)

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites:


- Create an account on [github](https://github.com/login)

- Install git bash or use git on the command line.

- Use an IDE of your preference such as [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).

## Steps to follow:

- Clone [this repository](https://github.com/brunogroth/Portfolio-React-Website) to your local machine 
- ```
  git clone git@github.com:Meri-MG/portfolio---react.git
  ```

- Navigate to `cd Portfolio-React-Website` directory.

- To install all the app dependencies on the command line run
- ```
  npm install
  ``` 
  
  - Also install SASS
  - ```
    npm install -g sass
    ```

- To run app in the development mode run 
- ```
  npm start
  ```
# Author

:man: **Bruno Groth**
- [GitHub](https://github.com/brunogroth)
- [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/bruno-groth/)
## 🤝 Contributing
- Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!
- Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/brunogroth/Portfolio-React-Website/issues).
## Show your support
Give a ⭐ if you like this project!
## Acknowledgments
Thanks to [EGATOR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-Cr00UYokU&list=WL&index=55) tutorial and [Meri-MG](https://github.com/Meri-MG) Source code & README pattern!
